Address feedback on sender_id/receiver_id Controller requirements (#155)
AMWA-TV/nmos-device-connection-management: docs/Controllers.md

When `PATCH`ing to the transport parameters, parameters could possibly have changed since the last `GET`.
Therefore the Controller SHOULD set parameters that are important for a connection (e.g. `master_enable` and `rtp_enable`) in the `PATCH` request, even if the Controller believes they are already set as required.

> The Connection API includes keys for `sender_id` and `receiver_id` in the `/active` and `/staged` endpoints of Receivers and Senders respectively.

Author: After review with @rmsporter and @jonathan-r-thorpe
```suggestion
The Connection API includes a `sender_id` parameter in each Receiver's `/active` and `/staged` endpoints.
Similarly, it includes a `receiver_id` parameter in each Sender's `/active` and `/staged` endpoints.
```

> When modifying `transport_params` or `transport_file` to configure a connection to a specific NMOS Sender or Receiver, the Controller MUST set the `sender_id` or `receiver_id` parameter.

Author: For reference, for the related IS-04 Sender parameter, rather than "a connection to a specific NMOS Receiver", IS-04 v1.3.1 spells out "unicast push-based", but that seems an overly precise example. [IS-04 v1.3.1 Behaviour: Nodes: Senders](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-04/releases/v1.3.1/docs/4.3._Behaviour_-_Nodes.html#senders).

Reviewer: Do we need to specifically say that setting the receiver_id for a sender is only required in a unicast scenario?

Author: That's what "specific NMOS Sender or Receiver" was intended to cover... could add "for example, via unicast RTP" ?

Reviewer: Yes that would work I think.

Author: ```suggestion
When modifying `transport_params` or `transport_file` to configure a Receiver to connect with a specific NMOS Sender, for example, via unicast RTP or source-specific multicast, the Controller MUST set the `sender_id` parameter.
Similarly, when modifying `transport_params` to configure a Sender to connect with a specific NMOS Receiver, for example, via unicast RTP, the Controller MUST set the `receiver_id` parameter.
```
